In terms of what you can use a node
right now that's somewhat audited.
There's this package that's part of
a project called Secure Scuttlebutt and
they have some preliminary auditing done
on this package called Secret Handshake
that's used for this offline peer
to peer encrypted social database.
Which I'm going to talk
a little bit more later.
So it all uses this thing
called pole streams,
which are kind of one of these
alternative streaming interfaces.
One nice thing about pole streams is
they're a bit smaller in the browser, but
then you have to use pull streams and
they're different.
So you have to like wrap
things like standard in and
standard out if you want to use those.
So you can use this package pull- stream-
to -stream there's also one called
stream- to -pull -stream
to like take a pull stream,
turn it into a node stream and vice versa.
So I almost had a demo for
setting up secret
handshake correctly but it's actually
quite difficult cause there's so
many moving pieces with
a lot of these stuff.
If you wanna learn more,
there's an example in the read me for
secret handshake and you can pick
it apart to kinda see how it works.
So this would be useful tool if you
want to establish a connection without
divulging to either an passive adversary,
who's who's inspecting the traffic on
the network or if you accidentally dialed
the wrong number connecting to a server.
You don't wanna accidentally
divulge who you are, or
who you're trying to connect to.
So, these are different guarantees
that this module can provide.
>> If you use something
like passport js so
will it take care of this or is it,
you need to do this under that?
>> So
if you use something like passport js,
that's more dealing with kind of
like web sessions like session data.
So this is a lot lower level than
something like you would get with passport
or some other kind of similar tool.
This is like calling
out to see routines and
doing like low level crypto.
So you can build your own
things like passport,
maybe on top of this stuff, but
it's not something that you get for free.
>> From an end user developer standpoint,
if I'm using passport, should I be
considering all this what crypto does or
elaborate like passport take care of that?
>> Yeah, so I think you would use
this kind of these kinds of routines.
These kinds of low level API's if you want
to do things that are very different from
what you would use something like passport
for, like, for example, if you want to
build a system where you can securely
connect to other peers across the network,
maybe that's a node utility
that works on the command line.
Maybe you have an electron application and
you want to make secure connections and
you want to implement things
like encrypted messages.
That's when you would use a library like
chloride, or chloride actually is just
a wrapper around the sodium package and
another package called sodium browserify,
that does all the same
routines in JavaScript.
So that's kind of what you
might use these things for.
You could also use these routines
in the browser on a web page, but
then your security model is going
to be subject to the whims of
whatever JavaScript payload
the server wants to send you.
So it's just even more stuff you
have to take into consideration.
Okay, so,
these are some basics of the Sodium API.
Maybe we can take a short break, like five
minutes and people can install Chloride.
And you can just run some of these
routines and generate a key pair with
crypto assign key pair and
then verify some messages.